chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/setlocaldescription/index.md

> **Note:** The process of changing descriptions actually involves intermediary steps handled by
> the WebRTC layer to ensure that an active connection can be changed without losing the
> connection if the change does not succeed. See

> > the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for more details on this process.

Reviewer: As above.

> > the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for more details on this process.

Author: ```suggestion
> t[Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) in the WebRTC Connectivity page for more details on this process.
```

> > [WebRTC connectivity, Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) for more details on this process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for more details on this process.
```
